{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
This is frequent flyer Bob. He lives in Chicago, but works for a long-term project in New York. Bob enjoys flying, but there\'92s one thing he really hates. And that is this moment: [board shows \'93DELAYED\'94].\
\
Bob is not the only one. Just in 2014 there have been more than 1 million delayed flights, 70 million minutes of total waiting time, and 30 billion dollars lost for the US economy. And of course, many, many unhappy customers.\
\
Bob is confused: What are the main reasons for so many flight delays?\
Inefficient airports?\
Individual airlines?\
Bad luck with the weather?\
Too much air traffic?\'a0\
Or because of issues with the aircraft?\
\
To answer Bob's questions, we used the official flight data for every single flight and combined it with historical weather data, geodata, and information about the aircrafts in use.\
\
First, we looked at the US airports. Indeed, expected departure delays are very different for each airport. We can see that Bob\'92s hometown Chicago doesn\'92t perform very well with average delays of more than 16 minutes!\
\
We can dive deeper by looking at single airlines and their infrastructure at certain locations. In Chicago, Bob might consider flying with US Airways next time.\
\
Bob wants to book a flight around Christmas, but will the cold weather be a problem? Surprisingly, some airports seem to be more successful in dealing with the snow than others. A huge problem for New York, but Boston seems to be prepared.\
\
Furthermore, Bob should definitely think twice before booking a flight at 7pm in the evening.\
\
Every airline claims to have the best aircraft, but is this really true? Not for all of them: The old aircrafts of US Airways are causing more delays, while airlines like Southwest don\'92t seem to have these problems.\
\
Bob now wants to book his flight back to his family before Christmas. He now understands what causes the delays, but has no idea which flight to choose. By building and testing prediction models like decision trees, random forest, and regression, we were able to predict the expected waiting time for each flight. And here you go Bob, this is your flight.\'a0\
\
We hope this helps you to see no more delayed signs and be back home on time.\'a0\
}